10 years in three sentences or less:  Completed Engineering degree, 
worked for crap company for another couple of years.  Moved to UK,
worked as contractor for appropriately large dollars, got engaged 
to Daniella at the String of Horses hotel in the New Forest near 
Sway, and came back to Sydney.  Daniella and I got married in 2000, 
and we bought a house in Hornsby earlier this year.

It's a small world - I move halfway around the planet to do some 
work and earn some cash, and then I find out that Guy Bunn is 
living in the same freakin' town!  That was a surreal episode - 
sitting on the living room floor of Guys flat in Reading playing 
Joust on an old Atari 2600.  Kind of sad when you think about it.

Embarrassing is forgetting a friends name when you've spent quite a 
few years at high school together - Mark, my sincere apologies!  
It was a brain dump.  That's my story and I'm sticking to it.

Nowadays, I write software for mobile phones.  My life consists of 
trying to figure out a way of reducing the amount of time I spend 
at work while increasing how much I get payed.  Actually I'm trying 
to figure out how to get Nokia to re-employ me, as I miss being 
allowed to play table tennis on company time, while writing game 
software for a living. Company subsidized massages once a week 
wasn't bad either.

I'm sleep deprived and just as angry as I was in High School (not 
to mention 10 years uglier).  However, much to the relief of 
co-workers and law enforcement, I'm far too lazy nowadays to act
on my anger.  At least that how its panned out so far.

One last thing - don't trust the giant otters.  People think it's
the Beer Monkey that waits until you've had a lot to drink, then 
clubs you over the head, steals the money from your wallet and 
takes a dump in your mouth. But it's not.  It's the otters.

Tid.
